Some extra info:
 1.⁠ ⁠Brief summary about yourself

I am a Software Engineer and researcher with a background in Mechanical Engineering and a Master’s in Computational Science from Imperial College London. I have a track record of academic excellence (ranked 1st in class in both undergraduate and graduate studies), with 4 scientific publications in top journals such as Nature Scientific Reports, Advanced Intelligent Systems.

I currently work at Amazon (Prime Video) as a Software Development Engineer, where I’m involved in advanced LLM-powered automation systems and performance optimization projects. Prior to that, I was the founding engineer at a generative AI startup, Albus Technologies. I’ve also worked as a computing researcher at the Max Planck Institute on high-performance computing for robotics and fluid dynamics.

In addition to my academic and technical work, I’ve given internal technical talks at Amazon on AI and am currently mentoring two undergraduate students from my university.



 2.⁠ ⁠Current employer

Company: Amazon
Position: Software Development Engineer
Duration: January 2025 – Present (3 months so far)
Notable work:

Won a London-wide hackathon for developing an LLM-metric integration tool
Gave an internal technical talk attended by 50 people in person and ~200 online


 3.⁠ ⁠UK work experience

Yes.

Amazon UK: Software Development Engineer, January 2025 – Present
Albus Technologies: Founding Engineer, May 2024 – January 2025


 4.⁠ ⁠Current salary in GBP

Base: £74,000
Stock: Approx. £40,000 over 4 years



 5.⁠ ⁠Shareholding/Ownership

I do not currently hold equity. I was the founding engineer at Albus Technologies but had to give up equity due to my transition to Amazon. However, I remain in contact with the company and can obtain any necessary confirmation or formal letter outlining my role, contributions, and involvement during its early fundraising and engineering phase.



 6.⁠ ⁠Patents

We applied to a grant with other people but we didn’t end up getting it, I have the docs.



 7.⁠ ⁠Awards or recognitions

Multiple hackathon wins (Imperial College x Viridien)
1st ranking student award during undergraduate Mechanical Engineering degree
Selected for Y Combinator AI Startup School (Top 2,000 CS students globally)


 8.⁠ ⁠Nominations

No



 9.⁠ ⁠Published work

4 scientific papers (3 published, 1 under review) in highly ranked journals:

Nature Scientific Reports
Advanced Intelligent Systems
Biomedical Optics Express
Advanced Theory and Simulations
Further papers are in preparation in collaboration with Imperial College, and they will be open-sourced. The project is backed by NVIDIA.



10.⁠ ⁠Video talks/interviews

One talk recording on YouTube with Koç University Mechanical Engineering Society (pictures available).



11.⁠ ⁠Fundraising

No direct fundraising myself. Albus Technologies did raise capital during my time there, I can provide details on that if helpful. And I can receive a letter from the investors.



12.⁠ ⁠Business or product creation

I was the founding engineer at Albus Technologies, a generative AI startup. I helped build and deploy key technical infrastructure during its early growth phase. I can provide further documentation if needed. It’s used by over 100k users.



Additional Notes

I am aware that I currently lack a robust public profile, which I understand is a significant factor in this visa category. 

In addition, I’ve been mentoring two junior students from Koç University.
I’ve participated in tutoring middle school girls on programming.
I did assistantships for 3 courses during my undergraduate, that involved mentoring my peers and first year students.